Add revamped deployment BBEs (#2960)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/aws-lambda-deployment/aws_lambda_deployment.md

# AWS Lambda

AWS Lambda is an event driven, serverless computing platform. Ballerina functions can be deployed in AWS Lambda by annotating a Ballerina function with `@awslambda:Function`.

::: code aws_lambda_deployment.bal :::

> Create a ballerina package and replace the contents of the generated bal file with the contents above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a ballerina package and replace the content of the generated BAL file with the content above.
```

::: out bal_new.out :::

> Build the Ballerina program to generate the AWS Lambda artifacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the Ballerina program to generate the AWS Lambda artifacts.
```

::: out bal_build.out :::

> Execute the AWS CLI commands to create and publish the functions; and set your respective AWS `$LAMBDA_ROLE_ARN`, `$REGION_ID`, and `$FUNCTION_NAME` values. The instructions for getting `$LAMBDA_ROLE_ARN` can be found on the [AWS Lambda Deployment Guide.](/learn/deployment/aws-lambda/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the AWS CLI commands to create and publish the functions; and set your respective AWS `$LAMBDA_ROLE_ARN`, `$REGION_ID`, and `$FUNCTION_NAME` values. 

For instructions on getting the value for the`$LAMBDA_ROLE_ARN`, see [AWS Lambda deployment](/learn/deployment/aws-lambda/).
```

::: out aws_deploy.out :::

> Invoke the functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoke the functions.
```

::: out invoke_functions.out :::

> To invoke the `notifyS3` function, it needs to be registered in the s3 bucket. visit the [AWS Lambda Deployment Guide](/learn/deployment/aws-lambda/) for registration and execution details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To invoke the `notifyS3` function, it needs to be registered in the S3 bucket. 

For registration and execution details, see [AWS Lambda deployment](/learn/deployment/aws-lambda/).
```
